
An app that makes task management and completion less stressful and more rewarding. Uses authentication to create members-only area (under construction), and a personal dashboard/list, while providing an informative landing page for newcomers/potential members.

More functionality to come.
Built over a baseline todo app using MVC architecture [here](https://github.com/100devs/todo-mvc-auth-local) and with picture credits to [Lorem Picsum](https://picsum.photos/).

**Tech used**:
bcrypt, connect-mongo, dotenv, ejs, express, express-flash, express-session, mongodb, mongoose, morgan, nodemon, passport, passport-local, validator, express-fileupload (img management)

Vanilla CSS, because.

## Current features
- Highlights completed tasks marked shareable to public by members.
- Provides clean and consistent navigation customized based on current view in the app.
- Customized "homepage" so that a logged-in user is not treated as logged out when returning to the home page.
- User can upload an image of their choice for an avatar (shown in personal and members area) or else a default user image is shown.

## Optimizations
- Build out the User profile editing functionality (currently placeholder in Dashboard area).
- Finish writing and testing out the time-to-completion field in the task schema. 
- Adding members-only area.
   - Allow for bylines with tasks, tagging other users to join a task, searching through lists, and/or exporting.
   - Decide whether to connect to additional APIs and how it might complement the goal of the app.*
- Make responsive with media queries.
- Replace placeholder copy. 
- Permit user to upload their own avatar of choice, with image format and dimension recommendations. Part of the information editing form.
- Fix dark mode.

**Some ideas**:*
Audio
- https://www.noisli.com/, which: https://github.com/petrovicstefanrs/chillnsound
- https://mynoise.net/noiseMachines.php

Recommended resource (members only)
- Potential schema
    - resource ID String - autogenerated
    - task ID String - associated task 
    - user ID String
    - name/title of resource String
    - description String (1-2 lines) - or potentially Array of tags
    - Source String - credits author or source
    - link to resource String
    - memberShare Boolean (also appears in an area in personal dashboard)
    - recommended count Number - UNIQUE per member based on listener, functionality only available in member area. Potentially checkbox on frontend, does not increment. Member share of resource provides automatic + 1 count to start.
    - Appear in list (always sorted most recent), dropdown (by associated task?), or consider filter logic
Customization
- gamify the choose your avatar feature - like certain number of tasks must be completed.
UI
- adapt todo list area so that editing can be done in-place? With input styling and disabling


## Learnings
- Every project with CSS teaches me more about the value and power of frameworks and naming conventions. Current approach is a hybrid and inconsistent.
- EJS handles "undefined" in a unique way. Current workaround is to provide a default value for required variables from the controller but there seems to be [alternatives writable in the views/ejs](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/7289916/how-would-you-check-for-undefined-property-in-ejs-for-node-js) as well.
Using ejs feels a bit painful after being able to build reusable components with React, but this setup with SSR and ejs neatly sidesteps potential CORS issues during development.
